In the margin of his copy of Diophantus' Arithmetica, Fermat wrote: To divide a cube into two other cubes, a fourth power or in general any power whatever into two powers of the same denomination above the second is impossible, and I have assuredly found an admirable proof of this, but the margin is too narrow to contain it.-  Pierre de Fermat
When nature removes a great man, people explore the horizon for a successor; but none comes, and none will. His class is extinguished with him. In some other and quite different field, the next man will appear.-  Ralph Waldo Emerson
The good die young, because they see it's no use living if you have got to be good.-  John Barrymore
It is time for a new generation of leadership, to cope with new problems and new opportunities. For there is a new world to be won.-  John Fitzgerald Kennedy
Children learne to creepe ere they can learne to goe. -  John Heywood
The joys of parents are secret, and so are their grieves and fears.-  Francis Bacon
Friendship is a strong and habitual inclination in two persons to promote the good and happiness of one another.-  Eustace Budgell
You should always carry a gun. Not to shoot yourself, but to know that you're always making a choice.-  Lina Wertmuller
The fascination of what's difficult Has dried the sap out of my veins, and rent Spontaneous joy and natural content Out of my heart.-  William Butler Yeats
Call time out when you need help and ask the Coach for help. Don't wait. Do it when you need it.-  Paul H. Dunn
The only shot I ALWAYS miss, is the one I don't take!-  Wayne Gretzky
For deeds to die, however nobly done, And thoughts of men to as themselves decay, But wise words taught in numbers for to run, Recorded by the Muses, live for ay.-  Edmund Spenser
The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education.-  Albert Einstein
If you will be humble and ask God what to do, I promise you that he will always prepare a way for your deliverance.-  Henry B. Eyring
Last night I played a blank tape at full blast. The mime next door went nuts.-  Steven Wright
Quiet minds cannot be perplexed or frightened, but go on in fortune or misfortune at their own private pace, like a clock in a thunderstorm.-  Robert Louis Stevenson
Without charm there can be no fine literature, as there can be no perfect flower with-out fragrance.-  Arthur Symons
My mother encouraged my writing, but I didn't exactly follow in her footsteps. She sold everything she ever wrote.-  Robert Streeter Aldrich
When I disagree with a rational man, I let reality be our final arbiter; if I am right, he will learn; if I am wrong, I will; one of us will win, but both will profit.-  Ayn Rand
A party of order or stability, and a party of progress or reform, are both necessary elements of a healthy state of political life.-  John Stuart Mill
Ethics is not definable, is not implementable, because it is not conscious; it involves not only our thinking, but also our feeling.-  Valdemar W. Setzer
There are many events in the womb of time which will be delivered.-  William Shakespeare
It is chiefly upon the lay citizen, informed about science but not its practitioner, that the country must depend in determining the use to which science is put, in resolving the many public policy questions that scientific discoveries constantly force upon us.-  David Eli Lilienthal
A man of genius is unbearable, unless he possesses at least two things besides: gratitude and purity.-  Friedrich Nietzsche
The only thing I regret about my past is the length of it. If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.-  Tallulah Bankhead
True wisdom lies in gathering the precious things out of each day as it goes by.-  E. S. Bouton
Several excuses are always less convincing than one.-  Aldous Leonard Huxley
The police are not here to create disorder, they're here to preserve disorder.-  Mayor Daley
No one can cheat you out of ultimate success but yourself.-  Ralph Waldo Emerson
Everything in the world may be endured except continued prosperity.-  Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Great men are they who see that ... thoughts rule the world.-  Ralph Waldo Emerson
A woman, especially, if she have the misfortune of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can.-  Jane Austen
Death is the ugly fact which Nature has to hide, and she hides it well.-  Alexander Smith
You will only be remembered for two things: the problems you solve or the ones you create.-  Mike Murdock
I will age ungracefully until I become an old woman in a small garden, doing whatever the hell I want.-  Robin Chotzinoff
Give me a spirit that on this life's rough sea Loves t'have his sails filled with a lusty wind, Even till his sail-yards tremble, his masts crack, And his ship run on her side so low That she drinks water, and her keel plows air.-  George Chapman
The world is full of people looking for spectacular happiness while they snub contentment.-  Doug Larson
At the height of laughter, the universe is flung into a kaleidoscope of new possibilities.-  Jean Houston
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.-  Samuel Johnson
I am a firm believer in getting married in the morning. That way, if it doesn't work out you haven't wasted a whole day.-  Mickey Rooney
Nothing hits harder, or sticks longer in the memory, than an apothegm.-  James Augustus Henry Murray
Friendship is constant in all other things Save in the office and affairs of love.-  William Shakespeare
The idea that you can merchandise candidates for high office like breakfast cereal is the ultimate indignity to the democratic process.-  Adlai Ewing Stevenson
Whenever you look at a piece of work and you think the fellow was crazy, then you want to pay some attention to that. One of you is likely to be, and you had better find out which one it is. It makes an awful lot of difference.-  Charles Franklin Kettering
All of us are guinea pigs in the laboratory of God. Humanity is just a work in progress.- Tennessee Williams